Thanks everyone for joining this customer feedback session.
Today we're talking with David from Acme Corp about their experience with our platform.
Happy to be here. We've been using your product for about six months now.
Great! Let's start with what's working well. What features does your team use most?
The dashboard is solid. Our team checks it daily. The visualization of metrics is really clear.
We also love the API. It's well-documented and we've built several integrations around it.
That's great to hear. Now, what are some pain points or areas where we could improve?
Well, the biggest issue for us right now is the lack of SSO support.
Our IT security policy requires SAML integration for all enterprise tools.
Right now our users have to manage separate credentials, which is a pain and creates security risks.
I understand. That's definitely on our roadmap. Is that blocking expansion for you?
Yes, actually. We can't roll this out company-wide without SSO. It's a hard requirement.
We're limited to just our product team right now. Engineering and design teams want access too.
Got it. Are there any other blockers we should know about?
The mobile app needs work. It's pretty slow on our tablets.
Our sales team does a lot of customer visits and they need quick access on the go.
Right now they just wait until they're back at their desks, which defeats the purpose.
What specifically is slow? Loading times, or certain features?
Mostly the dashboard loads. It can take 10-15 seconds on cellular, sometimes times out.
The charts don't seem to be optimized for mobile either.
That's really helpful feedback. We'll prioritize mobile performance.
Any other features you'd like to see?
Dark mode would be nice. A lot of our team works late and prefers dark themes.
Also, we'd love to see more granular permissions.
Right now it's pretty much admin or viewer. We need something in between.
For example, we want some users to create reports but not access billing info.
Role-based access control is something we're working on. Great to hear it's important to you.
On the topic of billing, how do you feel about our current pricing model?
It's okay. We're on the Enterprise plan which works for our budget.
But um, we did get surprised by an overage charge last quarter.
We had no idea we were approaching our API limit until the bill came.
Some kind of alert system would be really valuable. Like at 75% and 90% of usage.
Absolutely. Usage alerts are on our Q2 roadmap.
That would be fantastic. It would help us plan better.
Before we wrap up, is there anything else we should know?
Overall we're happy with the platform. The support team has been great.
If you can solve the SSO issue, we'd be ready to expand to 50+ more users.
That's probably an additional 100K in ARR for you.
That's fantastic. We really appreciate you taking the time to share this feedback.
I'll make sure our product team sees all of this.
Thanks for listening. Looking forward to seeing these improvements.
Thanks David. We'll follow up soon.